[FIX] change remaining latin expressions (etc and i.e.) (#628)
bids-standard/bids-specification: src/04-modality-specific-files/02-magnetoencephalography.md

The [`proc-<label>`](../99-appendices/09-entities.md#proc) entity is analogous to [`rec-<label>`](../99-appendices/09-entities.md#proc) for MR and denotes a variant of a file
that was a result of particular processing performed on the device. This is
useful for files produced in particular by Elekta’s MaxFilter (e.g., sss, tsss,

> trans, quat, mc, and so on), which some installations impose to be run on raw data

Reviewer: drop

> trans, quat, mc, and so on), which some installations impose to be run on raw data

Author: ```suggestion
trans, quat, mc), which some installations impose to be run on raw data
```

| DewarPosition       | REQUIRED              | [string][]                           | Position of the dewar during the MEG scan: `upright`, `supine` or `degrees` of angle from vertical: for example on CTF systems, upright=15°, supine=90°.                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| SoftwareFilters     | REQUIRED              | [object][] of [objects][] or `"n/a"` | [Object][] of temporal software filters applied, or `"n/a"` if the data is not available. Each key:value pair in the JSON object is a name of the filter and an object in which its parameters are defined as key:value pairs (for example, `{"SSS": {"frame": "head", "badlimit": 7}, "SpatialCompensation": {"GradientOrder": "Order of the gradient compensation"}}`). |

> | DigitizedLandmarks  | REQUIRED              | [boolean][]                          | `true` or `false` value indicating whether anatomical landmark points (that is fiducials) are contained within this recording.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| DigitizedLandmarks  | REQUIRED              | [boolean][]                          | `true` or `false` value indicating whether anatomical landmark points (fiducials) are contained within this recording.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
```

| TriggerChannelCount        | RECOMMENDED           | [integer][]                            | Number of channels for digital (TTL bit level) triggers.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| RecordingDuration          | RECOMMENDED           | [number][]                             | Length of the recording in seconds (for example, 3600).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

> | RecordingType              | RECOMMENDED           | [string][]                             | Defines whether the recording is `"continuous"`, `"discontinuous"` or `"epoched"`, where `"epoched"` is limited to time windows about events of interest (for example, stimulus presentations, subject responses).                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| RecordingType              | RECOMMENDED           | [string][]                             | Defines whether the recording is `"continuous"`, `"discontinuous"` or `"epoched"`, where `"epoched"` is limited to time windows about events of interest (for example, stimulus presentations or subject responses).                                                                                                                  |
```

| ------------------- | --------------------- | ------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| SamplingFrequency   | REQUIRED              | [number][]                           | Sampling frequency (in Hz) of all the data in the recording, regardless of their type (e.g., 2400).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |

> | PowerLineFrequency  | REQUIRED              | [number][] or `"n/a"`                | Frequency (in Hz) of the power grid at the geographical location of the MEG instrument (for example: 50 or 60).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| PowerLineFrequency  | REQUIRED              | [number][] or `"n/a"`                | Frequency (in Hz) of the power grid at the geographical location of the MEG instrument (for example, 50 or 60).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
```

| DewarPosition       | REQUIRED              | [string][]                           | Position of the dewar during the MEG scan: `upright`, `supine` or `degrees` of angle from vertical: for example on CTF systems, upright=15°, supine=90°.                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| SoftwareFilters     | REQUIRED              | [object][] of [objects][] or `"n/a"` | [Object][] of temporal software filters applied, or `"n/a"` if the data is not available. Each key:value pair in the JSON object is a name of the filter and an object in which its parameters are defined as key:value pairs (e.g., `{"SSS": {"frame": "head", "badlimit": 7}, "SpatialCompensation": {"GradientOrder": "Order of the gradient compensation"}}`). |

> | DigitizedLandmarks  | REQUIRED              | [boolean][]                          | `true` or `false` value indicating whether anatomical landmark points (meaning fiducials) are contained within this recording.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |

Reviewer: that is,

> | DigitizedLandmarks  | REQUIRED              | [boolean][]                          | `true` or `false` value indicating whether anatomical landmark points (meaning fiducials) are contained within this recording.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |

Author: ```suggestion
| DigitizedLandmarks  | REQUIRED              | [boolean][]                          | `true` or `false` value indicating whether anatomical landmark points (that is fiducials) are contained within this recording.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
```

| TriggerChannelCount        | RECOMMENDED           | [integer][]                            | Number of channels for digital (TTL bit level) triggers.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| RecordingDuration          | RECOMMENDED           | [number][]                             | Length of the recording in seconds (e.g., 3600).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

> | RecordingType              | RECOMMENDED           | [string][]                             | Defines whether the recording is `"continuous"`, `"discontinuous"` or `"epoched"`, where `"epoched"` is limited to time windows about events of interest (e.g., stimulus presentations, subject responses, and so forth).                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: drop

> | RecordingType              | RECOMMENDED           | [string][]                             | Defines whether the recording is `"continuous"`, `"discontinuous"` or `"epoched"`, where `"epoched"` is limited to time windows about events of interest (e.g., stimulus presentations, subject responses, and so forth).                                                                                                                  |

Author: ```suggestion
| RecordingType              | RECOMMENDED           | [string][]                             | Defines whether the recording is `"continuous"`, `"discontinuous"` or `"epoched"`, where `"epoched"` is limited to time windows about events of interest (e.g., stimulus presentations, subject responses).                                                                                                                  |
```

session, even for the same participant. The solution would be to use only one
T1w file and populate the `AnatomicalLandmarkCoordinates` field with
session-specific labels e.g., "NAS-session1": `[127,213,139]`,"NAS-session2":

> `[123,220,142]`, and so on.

Reviewer: drop.

> `[123,220,142]`, and so on.

Author: ```suggestion
`[123,220,142]`.
```
```suggestion
`[123,220,142]`, and so on.
```

The label for the [`task-<label>`](../99-appendices/09-entities.md#task) entity in the empty-room recording SHOULD be
set to `noise`.
If a [`session-<label>`](../99-appendices/09-entities.md#ses) entity is present, its label SHOULD be the date of the

> empty-room recording in the format `YYYYMMDD`, such as `ses-YYYYMMDD`.

Reviewer: that is,

> empty-room recording in the format `YYYYMMDD`, such as `ses-YYYYMMDD`.

Author: ```suggestion
empty-room recording in the format `YYYYMMDD`, that is `ses-YYYYMMDD`.
```
